KM-17: Initialize repo (#1)
katapultmedia/terraform-tfc-workspace: README.md

> # terraform-tfc-workspace
> A Terraform module to easily deploy workspaces to Terraform Cloud.

Reviewer: Markdown lint requires a space after a header.

```suggestion
# terraform-tfc-workspace

A Terraform module to easily create workspaces in Terraform Cloud.
```
